
so, ideas for talk, rational spirituality, The talk should be focused around this, quadrant that is on the y-axis. A unclenched level or level of lack of attention or release or freedom and the x-axis is agency. I sent you showing the relationship between them as the evolution of a person. and we can use d-des both two of the Talks that I articles to explain both of these Concepts and from then we will build the full talk and Century weaving.

Both of these ideas into danger comes with developing the disease. That the leftmost bottom quadrant is people just people like this is the most regular kind of person. You can be, you follow to her, just sent you the, you believe your fears, you genuinely have in a little options in life because you don't see much, you're very tense, limited perception.

You are acting a lot on your fears doubts, you have strong beliefs about things that probably are not true. and that's most people that still normal way of living, Now the bottom right quadrant, she's height agency people, but still are very tense. This is your average person, trying to become a businessman and advanced, businessman and athlete or, you know, any of these things like high-level athletes.

Musicians, businessman, people like that, who much Eve very big results in their field. and they often times eventually, Reach your Peak Beyond. Their ability to continue like on the Carnival power approach. And but they're very high agency. They're very interesting. People always because they're still acting against the norm and they're willing to take risks and things of the sort.

But it's usually because they're the kind of personality does it rather than usually a very big internal shift in their perception. And the other left top quadrant is. What I call a quote on quote, spiritual people or highly relax people who don't want to do anything with their life, interesting, it's slick.

I noticed this thing with the people who live in a very Tropical Islands. They have no reason to do anything that people who practice meditation and things of the sort without truly understanding words for, but they are losing some of those fears, they're losing. So a little bit of those take do feel more relaxed.

If you're more calm, feel more nicer, a lot of them run away from the world of making any kind of achievement of setting goals and they become kind of reclusive a little bit or a lot, or they just don't want to do anything because they don't believe in it, or whatever to have old Cutters are made on a million ways of explaining why a person does not want to exert their agency in the physical world. And there's it's a huge trap for special people and then something to become observers of their life without actually ever living it and stuff of the sort. And the people on the bottom, right?

Quadrant are usually pushed towards conscious development, through either a very crisis kind of moments in life, which day, for example, of lose their meaning, for example, losing their family or realizing, having a difficult. To kind of show them what they're even doing. Because they've been dedicating their entire life to whether they did or they had, they reached the peak of what they wanted, and they realize it's it's empty.

And they literally lose the meaning of existence and they have a crisis and internal crisis, on why, they're even living for in the first place. This usually push them into direction of development. And another option is health issues that become unimaginable and impossible to deal with or internal state of like, maybe the person or something of the sort that overtakes them.

This is the usual cases, with other people. The country's development of the people in the top left quadrant tend to be pushed also through some sort of a great loss. But they tend to be pushed also. Very often for Emergency due to their lack of agency. In the real world are often tempted by money. or lack of ability to maintain their lifestyle, regardless of the fact that they know a lot of different practices and things of the sort, and this kind of monetary motivation is probably the reason why money making courses for Spiritual people.

That promise affirmations, all the stuff are so popular and make so much money is because they think that they can keep do nothing and manifesting money into their life. That is not true but regardless And money is not the only way. However they did. People can also start hearing depression if they are inactive too long and are actually quite internally mature, but that is less of the case they seem to be mostly affected by this and some of them can be affected by The realization that they actually want more, they want to go deeper, but they're stuck there until they reached a certain level of experience in life and does it go further.

So like it ends, they keep getting just the same kind of results in the meditation with stuff like that and they're unhappy by that. NoDa 4th left quadrant which is the top, right? It's the path of conscious evolution when the person became Diggins interweaving. Hi, agency life, with a conscious observation of what is happening to him, truly dealing, with his feelings.

Truly, doing practices to become happier person. Letting go of extensions in using this as fuel to keep interacting with the world. This is a coyote High turbulent Zone because it's cute. How you overtime learn how to follow this middle path. I'll be talking about how one part is like, the left one part is the right leg through which you evolve as a person and good examples of people who are like this is gets a Godly.

For example, he was both an extremely spiritual person but at the same time he became the president or the prime minister of India and it's an extremely high agency thing to do. While at the same time he was a very special person, he was not talking for one day, even while being the Prime Minister every week it was an extremely amazing interesting person. And daddy is that this quadrant combines these two, the message over school is focused on people who wish to live in this quadrant. And once you reach the edge of the quadrant at the very top, top left top right corner. This is essentially the highest point that we can imagine for a person to live in Mexico and agency and maximum freedom, from his fears, and doubts and ideas about the world.

And that is what the note says in our method is DePere. Level of Consciousness, even though I probably won't mention it and to talk. But that's when you begin a new level of evolution as a person, that will be talking in our next talk. That would be more spiritual oriented.

But what characterizes, the speak places, that nothing stops you from seeing opportunities, Note task feels impossible. You always have the desire to act and do interesting because I think things and you most often succeed because you actually do stuff and you can see realistic interesting, good solutions to difficult problems.